Revision var (#899)
rancher/rio: docs/riofile.md

```

## Templating

#### Using answer file

Rio allows the user to leverage an answer file to customize `Riofile`.

> Go template and [envSubst](https://github.com/drone/envsubst) can used to apply answers. By default, the `NAMESPACE` and `REVISION` variable is available when defined in the template questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go template and [envSubst](https://github.com/drone/envsubst) can be used to apply answers. By default, the `NAMESPACE` and `REVISION` variables are available when defined in the template questions.
```
